well howdy there internet people its
bogan so as some of you may have picked
up I'm a little bit of a history buff
and I like to travel you can imagine my
horror when I found out the United
States had pulled out of UNESCO I was
not completely shocked but I was a
little surprised if you're not familiar
with this organization its main job is
to register work to protect sites of
significance historical cultural
whatever
in the u.s. some UNESCO protected sites
are like the Cahokia Mounds the Statute
of Liberty Jefferson's house you know
there's quite a few in the US and we
pulled out of it and even given the the
fascist tendency to have a disdain for
arts and culture you know that's one of
the characteristics of it there had to
be another reason
Trump pulled us out it couldn't just be
that so III was at a loss though I was
at a loss I couldn't figure it out I had
to start asking around and I got some
funny answers most Trump supporters were
like I don't know but if you gave me
some answers and we're gonna talk about
him one was that taxation is theft and
that is a cool hashtag if you're not
familiar with it that's cool hashtag and
that may be your argument but it's
certainly not Trump's Trump has no
problem taxing you know so that's not it
then one was that UNESCO is anti-semitic
okay because it's part of the UN it's
anti-semantic I I didn't know what to
say to that the there are nine sites in
Israel and I guess there was some
tension
there are three sites in Palestine as
well but whatever and to show you the
amount of sense that this made the the
next statement was that the UN is ran by
Jews so and that's why we had to pull
out I don't understand that either
especially those anti-semitic Jews I got
nothing
then somebody said it got to it then
they got the right answer
UNESCO talks about climate change a lot
that's it that's it that's why he pulled
us out that's what it has to do it so I
went to a Trump a pro Trump Facebook
group that I used to kind of find out
what what Trump supporters are thinking
and in it the first one was why is this
organization even talking about climate
change they're supposed to be history
nerds okay well as a history nerd allow
me to tell you why they're talking about
it
prior to say seventy years ago there was
no air travel how did everything get
moved around by boat so most sites of
historical and cultural significance are
by waterways what is a major concern of
climate change rising sea levels that's
why no great mystery that that's why
they're concerned about it along the
Mediterranean there are dozens of sites
that are protected two of which are safe
from rising sea level that's why then we
get into the argument of climate change
isn't real I'm a humanities guy I'm a
humanities guy science is not really my
strong suit
but climate change is something I've
been reading a lot about now when I say
this next part I'm not joking if you
actually have a study that doesn't fit
this this pattern please post it in the
comment sections I'm like
to read it I try to read both sides of
this debate the problem is any time I
look into a study that is against
climate change saying that it isn't a
thing I find out it's produced by a
think-tank that is funded by an oil
company makes it really hard to take it
seriously it seems like propaganda so
but even those most of those they're not
saying that climate change isn't
happening
they're saying that it's not man's fault
that it is now I don't know enough about
it to sit here and say for certain that
it's man's fault I don't so we're gonna
go the other way with it where we say
man has nothing to do with it at all
it's just it's one of those things but
what are the main suggestions to
mitigate it stopping deforestation okay
moving towards renewable energy and
cutting down on pollution where's the
problem being more sustainable where's
the problem with this seriously why is
this an issue even without climate
change without a doomsday scenarios why
is it an issue we should be doing this
anyway you know a bunch of eggheads want
us to do it and we're saying no because
give me a reason deforestation is a
problem and if you're in the logging
industry allow me to point out that if
deforestation goes too far you don't
have a job looking into ways to make
sure that there are always trees keeps
you in a job
sustainability is as an obvious thing we
need to work towards that cutting down
on pollution you like clean air you like
clean water right these aren't problems
these shouldn't
and then renewable energy do you not
like the idea of not having a light
though you know solar shingles take off
that that can happen when you realize
you're arguing against your own
interests
then you need to wonder why the
propaganda is that thick the propaganda
is that thick and it's normally two
people two kinds of people it's either
somebody that is very low information
and doesn't really look into things for
themselves and you can see that in the
memes I'm not a science guy but when you
see the anti climate change means I mean
even I'm looking at anything man I
didn't how that works at all and then
it's rural people it's people from my
neck of the woods and it drives me crazy
because we do it all the time that this
goat our Republican farmer that he can't
amend his soil he's gonna look at you
like you're nuts
that's sustainability you got a crop
that takes a bunch of nitrogen out of
the soil you're gonna plant clover right
find some way to put that nitrogen back
in we're just talking about that on a
bigger level you work on your car in
your garage and you want to you want to
test it see if it works you crank it up
and leave it running with the door
closed the garage door closed now of
course not that stupid the garage is the
earth and its atmosphere cutting down on
pollution is a good thing you know this
but you're arguing against it because of
partisan politics you're arguing against
your own interests that should worry you
and the real reason that the politicians
are arguing against it is because their
campaign contributors are going to be
the ones that have to change their style
of business so and rather than there
being a public outcry for them to do so
there's been talk of taxing the carbon
tax and stuff like this to get them to
lower their emissions
get them to do things they should be
doing anyway
so they're paying these politicians to
dislocate on have to do it so they can
keep raking in that money you're arguing
against your own interests over and
arguing about whether or not something
is happening when it doesn't matter even
if it's not happening all of the
suggestions we should be doing anyway so
I really want you to think about why
you're dead set against making the world
a cleaner and better place lowering your
own light bill making sure that you have
a job blows my mind and because of this
and because the propaganda is so thick
they have you guys arguing against your
own interests
we had to pull out of an organization
designed to protect sites of historical
and cultural significance
it's insane anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night